Most websites and Web applications today are going to be secured with SSL TLS certificates.
And this means that the connections from our customers or our users through to our web applications
is going to be encrypted in transit now with an elastic load balancer.
We can achieve this using a secure listener.
And there are some nuances between application load balancers and network load balances, so we'll look
at those now.
Firstly, we have an application load balancer and we have a client who wants to connect to that load
balancer.
So what we've done is we've loaded an ACM certificate and this can be generated by the IWC Certificate
Manager Service, or you can import a certificate into ACM or IAM.
Now that means we can have an encrypted channel coming from our client to the load balancer itself and
the channel gets terminated there, so it's encrypted in transit fruits of the load balancer.
But then on the back end, it's going to be unencrypted to the easy to instance.
Now what if we want encryption all the way through to the two instance?
Well, clearly we don't do it this way because in this case, an additional connection is taking place,
which is unencrypted, so the back end.
So instead, what we do is we load our SSL TLS on the load balancer and we load an SSL til cert on all
82 instances as well.
And that can be a self-signed certificate.
This means we've got an encrypted channel going through to the load balancer.
It's terminated there and then another encrypted channel is made using the certificate on the issue,
to instance.
So now we have end end encryption.
Things are a little bit different with a network low bouncer.
So now we have a network load balancer.
We have a client connects again and an active instance.
We've loaded an SSL TLS on the instance only.
And now what's going to happen is the client is going to make a connection all the way through using
that certificate, and it must be a public certificate.
So now we have a single encrypted connection from the client to the instance there's no decryption and
then re encryption.
Alternatively, we can use the network load balancer with an SSL TLC cert on both the load balancer
and on the active instance.
And then we have two encrypted channels, just like with the ALP.
The data is going to be decrypted when it reaches the NHLBI, and then it's going to be re encrypted
free.
So the easy to instance.
So that's how it works.
And in the next lesson, what we're going to do is register a certificate using ACM and then create
a secure listener.